Pressure of the form submission.
We would like to finish here with our Web site at least to the point where we're gonna be heading over
back to number and now button and here we just have the footer.
So it's safe to say that I think we're gonna finish everything here in one video where the HD UML and
easy access is gonna be had it all let's start probably by creating the footer element and we right
away we're gonna give it a class of four.
Also I'd like to use the section center that was for our pairings and for the layout overall.
So let's use Section center and within the section center let's create another div so we'll show so
show icons.
That's gonna be the name and what I would like to do here.
Well let's create three icons all of them are gonna be links and they're all gonna be linking to the
Facebook to Twitter and Instagram.
So I'm going to say first of all there's gonna be a comment social icon that's gonna be the first thing
I'm going to copy and paste it I'm gonna say end of social icon and then let's create our link let's
say there's gonna be a link link for now is gonna be the dummy link but I would like to add a class
of social icon and let's write what we would want and that would be a font awesome icon f a b though
in this case this is going to be different and then we're gonna be looking for f a Facebook.
So this should give us the Facebook icon.
And yeah we have our Facebook icon now what we can do right now is just copy and paste this let's say
that I would want to more.
1 2 obviously here we're going to be changing the values.
When I say then this is not going to be Twitter or I'm sorry Facebook.
This is gonna be Instagram Instagram something like this.
And then let's go up and let's say with here we're gonna be looking for Twitter.
So those are gonna be my social media icons.
I also would like to add that paragraph what I was talking about about the copyright.
So let me double check.
So within the section centre and outside the social icons there's going to be paragraph the class is
gonna be put out text and within the paragraph let's add right away.
Copy symbol.
So right copy.
Then we're adding the semicolon and let's do maybe some span span and within the span we can right away.
Right.
The station the station.
And if you remember all the way in the beginning we added this global class where the colour of the
text would be primary.
So now we can just use this class and say text Prime Mary.
Yeah we have our T station.
What else.
Well right after this panel let's just place a dot and let's say.
All rights reserved something like this should be an outraged email after the HRC email where I was
gonna set up everything in the sea assess where again we're not gonna have a bunch of rules anyway.
So here I can just say end of contact and we can technically write footer but again it's gonna be the
last one anyway so I can write for a class background is gonna be main dark so it's right.
Main dark is gonna be in the background this is how it's gonna look like.
Then we can also align everything in the center stone center.
Now everything is sitting nicely for social icon.
For each and every icon what I would like.
Well we can do different color so I'm going to see a color and that one is gonna be main white so main
white color as well as I wouldn't want it a little bit bigger font size so font size would be I don't
know one point three are.
Now this is gonna be bigger than we can also do margin right.
So there's gonna be a little bit of margin one hour I guess.
Something like this.
Now it's gonna be bigger.
And also let's right away at the transition because I would like to add the hover effect so we might
as well have the main transition since we have been using it all throughout the project.
Yeah.
So social.
SOCIAL icon.
Now it's gonna be the name.
So as we're hovering what should happen.
Let's change the color.
Let's say color is gonna be primary color.
So now the color is gonna be green.
So I'm gonna be hovering now the color is going to be changing.
Awesome.
And last but not least we have the text of the text and text transform.
Let's have it as a pillow case and case color is gonna be made white.
Color is gonna be main white right here.
Now I can see this is gonna be our main color apart from the one that we have it in our primary color
because we added the class of course.
Let's add maybe some letter spacing.
So it's gonna be just a little regular letter spacing so I can just say letter spacing and a little
bit of margin to the top.
I don't know.
One hour Ms.
Thing that should do.
And you know what.
Let's maybe decrease the font size a little bit silly font size zero point eight five Ari.
Ms.
So now the font size is gonna be smaller and yeah we're done with our footer.
And next one up is gonna be this snap button.
So there's gonna be now button.
We're also going to look at the now bar and last but not least we're gonna figure out how we can attach
the javascript so we have this effect where if I'm clicking I'm getting the nav bar if I'm clicking
on X the nav bar is disappearing.